docs: update on span tag keys and transaction marks (#152)
elastic/apm-agent-js-base: docs/api.asciidoc

Arguments:

* `tags` - Any key/value object with the following specifications:

> ** key - Any string. Any periods (.), asterisks (*), or double quotation marks (") will be replaced by underscores (_), as those characters have special meaning in Elasticsearch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** key - Any string. All periods (.), asterisks (*), and double quotation marks (") will be replaced by underscores (_), as those characters have special meaning in Elasticsearch
```

Marks the current point in time relative to the start of the transaction.
Use this method to mark significant events that happen while the transaction is active.

Arguments:

> * `key` -  Any string. Any periods (.), asterisks (*), or double quotation marks (") will be replaced by underscores (_), as those characters have special meaning in Elasticsearch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `key` -  Any string. All periods (.), asterisks (*), and double quotation marks (") will be replaced by underscores (_), as those characters have special meaning in Elasticsearch
```
